so today we're going to cook Korean
bulgogi it's a national dish and one of
Korea's best love exports but
surprisingly easy to make so today we're
going to use a feather blade steak or
you can also use skirt he's a relatively
cheap cut and the Korean people use
because the soy marinated we're going to
make to make beef bulgogi overpowers the
flavored beef so you don't need to waste
your money buying expensive selling for
this dish and for the marinade all you
need spreaders would be easy is spring
onion finely chopped spring onion finely
chopped or minced garlic a touch of
sugar and pear salt pepper sesame oil
and soy sauce so now we're going to make
the marinade I'm starting with 3
tablespoons of soy sauce 1 2 3 up one in
a whole tablespoon of sesame oil it's
Korean sesame oil very very full flavor
so one very good some sugar so what
about the same so one and a half
tablespoons of sugar mix that around
spring onion finely chopped um I tend to
use quite a lot of this but maybe 2 tbsp
something like that and then I mean
Korean so heavy on the garlic what maybe
for all questioners might want to use it
up but this is quite a little garlic so
it's about 10 to full tablespoons I'm
back I'm going to do is we're going to
great to purse I tend to like my
wolverine right sweet so he's a lot of
koreans also use pear juice or apple
juice or fri to use fresh pair so i like
using free but also I like using it
because pair actually breaks down the
enzymes in meat and makes it sort up so
then you get a really kind of quite a
gourmet total flamer comment pink be
just break that all in there we go what
make it really nice
now so thief the layout on to the
chopping board if you is actually best
to cut it into Carnell if you cut
against the grain again that will make
it much more tender so always to
remember to cut against the grain small
thin slices which are long long
so I've caught up all the beef and we're
nearly get to go I'm just going to have
a last taste of this marinade and see if
it needs anything else mmm really nice
so but I think it needs a touch more do
you have had any puppy up so again if we
decided about 2 teaspoons maybe even
know very good perfect all right so
we'll get deep mix it all around good
distribution and then be best marinade
it surface so we're gonna cut the beef
in this container i marinate it for up
to an hour in fridge and actually last
time when it's in room temperature you
really probably need about 30 minutes or
so but obviously if you were married it
for longer no one or two hours it's
absolutely fine to do so we'll just put
that in the fridge for an hour although
we're going to keep it while waiting for
the beef to finish my anything we're
going to cut up an onion so we chop it
into car then this cool so into a clip
of me and then we slice it extremely
thin me and then we will fry it with the
beef it just adds a little bit more
depth of flavor now what we're going to
do is the Beast finished marinating so
we're going to bright and then we're
also going to fry the onions that we
just chopped they're actually go on top
three for lease of it so we do cook them
separately I'm just going to cook the
onion first so if you just use a little
grape seed oil or vegetable
ready to eat up I'm going to fry the
onions until until they go time transfer
so just add that little bit of sweetness
and here we go yours warmed up no medium
heat so you don't wanna take
so so again little vegetable rapeseed
oil in this case perhaps it also works
very well it's an unflavored oil so it
doesn't spoil
hey we've got upbeat nicely marinated
and I guess the thing to do is not to
put this all in line though when i click
it bit by bit
so report is heated heat it up
head up even eight
late
onions going to go
I'll see the final product you know it's
great so nice great so you can achieve
great served with any kind of korean of
course all heavily kitty i also you can
also serve this will go be with a five
chili paste which can also be made a
phone call someday but i just like to
enjoy it as it is your favor
nicely
what we don't want to do is overcook
this is obviously nice time to be that's
been it's been softened and made under
by the pair
I think this batch is ready to go put
down on a plate here is beef bulgogi you
just serve it on a plate put the fried
onions on top and there may be a little
bit of spring onion and if you're really
going out to town also a little bit of
sesame seeds just for decoration enjoy
with weiss kimchi and a nice cool glass
of beer thank you